#summary Log and wiki for Team E

= Objectives =

Quality Management Team, to prepare a presentation on software engineering and to create several templates form and code conventions for C++ and Matlab.

= Members =
|| *Name* || *Main Topic* || Role ||
|| Nolang Fanani ||  || Manager ||
|| Marc Barnada ||  || Team Leader ||
|| Andru Putra ||  || Team Member||
|| Eduardo Tusa ||  || Team Member ||
|| Muhammed Safiul Azam ||  || Team Member ||

=Links=


= Questions =
|| || *Question* || *Answer* ||
||1|| Why is coding convention important in software engineering? || Code conventions improve the readability of the software, allowing engineers to understand new code more quickly and thoroughly. ||
||2|| What should a header comment include in a function in MATLAB? || It should include a prologue that supports “help”:
Summary: One line description of what the function does.
Synopsis: Lists the various ways in which the function can be called.
Input: Describes each input variable.
Output: Describes each output variable.
Don’t forget: The command “help” prints the first contiguous block of comment lines from the file. For this reason, it is important to make it helpful. ||
||3|| What are the differences between include and extends in use case diagram? || Include: a relationship between two use cases in which a use case will be automatically executed when another is triggered. 
Extends: a relationship between two use cases in which a use case may or may not be executed when another is triggered. ||


= Meetings =
*28 September 2011* 

All the members of the team were present. 

We discussed what are our requirements and what will be our tasks.
We divided the tasks for work efficiency.

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z2zL4_suIyAeOayk92NnHjGaTJKR7iH-_gWbRpLE4Kg/edit?hl=en_US]

*30 September 2011*

All the member of the team were present.

Collect all the requirements, clear all doubts.

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/19LA9K5VtOr7taz1v9ei3pBpQdi_pfHjkrdVwQKdNxdo/edit?hl=en_US]

*04 October 2011*

All the member of the team were present.

Finish all tasks.

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J0e3HSxmmgdu5AX1SszvrTXgmkipESf4uURTShen9Bw/edit?hl=en_US]





= Activity =

The presentation of Software Engineering

[https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AcH6C198PBUQZGZoejd0Y3RfNjZkamp4ZDJjag&hl=en_US] 

C++ Code Convention   

[https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=explorer&chrome=true&srcid=0B8H6C198PBUQMDNmN2U0OWItODJiNC00ODBmLTk5NTQtOGRhNTM3ODcwOGJj&hl=en_US] 

Matlab Code Convention

[https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=explorer&chrome=true&srcid=0B8H6C198PBUQYjM3OWE5MTUtYTFlMS00ZmRiLWFhZDktYzU5NWQyODBkM2Y3&hl=en_US]

HDL & LDL Template

[https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=explorer&chrome=true&srcid=0B8H6C198PBUQNmU2YzNjMmEtMjBiMC00MDBhLWI4YmQtZTljMjMwYzJkMzkx&hl=en_US]

Group Meeting Log - Template

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZDSu5GKmG-Nugsqqfq8obUOAWwJ1m5z6K0rXSsKy-UQ/edit?hl=en_US]