#summary Log and wiki for TeamF

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Objectives =
To "Ramp Up" the requirements of point 4 of the Project's Requirements. Preparing a presentation about creating GUIs using C++ with QT and MATLAB with GUIDE to the rest of the students.

= Members =
|| *Name* || *Main topic* || *Role* ||
|| Ajad || MATLAB GUI || Team Manager ||
|| Andru || C++ GUI with QT || Team Leader ||
|| Angga || MATLAB GUI || Member ||
|| Dadhichi || C++ GUI with QT || Member ||
|| Danupol BiG || C++ GUI with QT || Member ||

= Questions =
|| || *Question* || *Answer* ||
||1|| Please give the 2 names of the GUI tool kit for C++ application || GTK, MS Visual studio, Qt, Wxwidget ||
||2|| Please give the name of GUI tool kit for C++ application that Group F proposed || Qt ||
||3|| Please give one sample advantage of that GUI tool kit: || Cross-platform, GUI to create GUI, drag and drop, easy to use, any positive answer will be considered correct! ||
||4|| What is the name of MATLAB's GUI creator? || GUIDE ||
||5|| How is GUI created in MATLAB? || Drag & drop of GUI elements by using the built in layout editor. ||
||6||What is callback procedure in MATLAB and its purpose in the GUI?|| Callbacks are codes that are linked to the elements of the GUI.  ||

= Meetings =

== 6 October ==

Ajad, Andru, Angga and BiG were present.
We discussed about the requirements of the team, divided tasks to be carried out by two subgroups (creating tutorials). One subgroup deals with C++ GUI with QT, and another with MATLAB GUI with GUIDE.
We also considered the feasibility on using other GUI tools, reviewed old code and made a draft sketch of the GUI.

[https://docs.google.com/a/norture.com/document/d/1i2o2vkICqovmq5rKEwUm8ewvfb62NrevXdUwYhWgAoA/edit?hl=en_US Group F Meeting Log for 6 October]

== 16 October ==

All the member of the team were present.

The requirements of the team was changed. We don't need to make the GUI, just the tutorial. So the team's task now just to create a basic tutorial on creating GUIs using both C++ with QT and MATLAB with GUIDE.

We finished the presentation material and shared things relevant to GUI creation on both platforms (C++ & MATLAB).

[https://docs.google.com/a/norture.com/document/d/1mvB3zhiOQHF0OIySR6yPHIGkPF3RFmbXJ5lbEUGvg8E/edit?hl=en_US Group F Meeting Log for 16 October]


= References =
Matlab for Beginners

[http://blinkdagger.com/matlab/matlab-gui-graphical-user-interface-tutorial-for-beginners/]